                    
                    Gerry has been involved professionally with information systems since 1979 when he
helped develop and implement one of the first successful large municipal
geographic/land information systems in Canada for the City of Edmonton. This system
continues to be a success today.
Gerry has extensive hands-on experience with information management and the various
technologies being utilized for management of environmental and land related
information and applications. Gerry has experience through the many changes in
technology from mainframe transaction-based computing through to today’s rich
environment with web-centric services, distributed databases, and standardised
technology. It is clear these web-centric technologies will play an ever-increasing role in
connecting data suppliers with each other, connecting with data consumers, and with
facilitating decision support
Gerry is a voting member of the Canadian General Standards Board Geomatics National
Committee (171/1) and Canadian Advisory Committee (171/3) to ISO/TC211. He has
designed and taught coursework at the University of Alberta and also for URISA and has
made various presentations at workshops, seminars, and conferences.
Gerry has extensive experience with all
aspects of data use and management related
to land and environmental information. He is
proficient in information architectures and in
addition to experience he has a formal
education in the computer sciences and
education in current techniques applied to
business processes and information modeling.


<BR><BR>
Gerry has been involved professionally in the information systems field since 1979 when he helped
develop and implement one of the first successful large municipal geographic information systems in
Canada for the City of Edmonton. This system continues to be a success.
In 1981, Gerry founded and became principal of the consulting practice Spatial Data Systems
Consulting. This consulting business dealt with information management and technology associated
with the broad area of spatial information systems. This business continues to this day.
In the many years of consulting practice Gerry has worked extensively on many projects for
government agencies both small and large, as well as private industry.
Gerry has extensive hands-on experience with the various technologies being utilized for the
management of land related information including the current web-enabling technologies being
adopted by government. It is clear these web-centric technologies will play an ever-increasing role in
connecting data suppliers with each other, connecting with data consumers, and with facilitating
decision support
Gerry is a voting member of the Canadian General Standards Board Geomatics Committee (CACISO/
TC 211) and clearly understands past, current, and future work regarding data standards and
directions being pursued. [ISO/TC 211 received the Lawrence D. Eicher Leadership Award at the 33rd
ISO General Assembly].
Gerry has designed and taught coursework at the University of Alberta and also for URISA. He has
also made various presentations at workshops, seminars, and conferences..